I'm always
so whether or not you have a date this
Valentine's Day or you're just gonna
stay at home I have a great little
daytime Valentine's Day look that I can
show to you the first thing that you're
going to do is conceal any blemishes you
have i'm going to conceal my under eyes
and then i'm going to even out my skin
tone with the doctor dard several boobs
or label BB cream and I'm just gonna top
this all over my face and blend it out
next I'm just going to use my current
favorite concealer for blemishes this is
the Maybelline age rewind dark spot
concealer and then i'm going to set
everything with my maybelline dream
matte powder and because my under-eye
concealer tends to crease I like to go
ahead and set that with the HD powder by
Makeup Forever and then I'm going to go
ahead and contour my cheekbones with the
bronzer from this elf blush and bronzer
duo and I'm just kind of doing this in
the 3e motion and trying to build it out
as much as possible because it's kind of
dark for my skin and then I'm going to
apply the blush from this little jewel
on to the upper cheek bones of my face
kind of add just blending that upwards
and then I'm going to take the inked in
pink color tattoo by Maybelline ain't
that a pretty color yeah so I'm gonna
take that and apply it all over my lid
and you can just stop there you don't
have to apply anything else over it but
I'm going to go ahead and just apply a
color that's kind of like it but in
pigment form and I'm going to use the
walking on eggshells trio by wet and
wild and take that little peachy color
and apply that over the color tattoo
just kind of make it more vibrant and
shimmery and then I'm going to take
these smaller lines I can't pronounce
that word ok but by L'Oreal it's a big
eyeliner pin and I'm going to apply the
on my upper lash line and blend it out
to make it really smoky looking you
don't have to do this step if you don't
like eyeliner but I like my eyes to be a
little bit more dark so I'm going to
then curl my eyelashes and apply the
Maybelline the rocket mascara and yep
this mascara is pretty much amazing
that's all I have to say about it so
next I'm going to take the shimmery
color from that little trio and fight to
the inner corners of my eyes to brighten
them and then I'm going to highlight the
brow bone with that same shimmery color
last but not least for the eyes I'm
going to frame them with my brows
because the brows of the frames the eyes
and i'm just going to define them with a
little bit of a like match light brown
color from an eye shadow palette and
then i'm going to take the Maybelline
Color whisper and petal rebel which is
just a pastel pink color and apply this
to my lips this is purpose from the
daytime and I hope you all enjoyed the
daytime look let's get into the
nighttime look so to make your daytime
makeup look a little bit more dramatic I
would apply a brown color or a darker
color into your crease this is a good
way to despise up your makeup look for
the nighttime and so I'm taking that
brown color from my walking on eggshells
palette and applying that into the
crease and then I'm going to redefine my
brow bone with the shimmery color from
that trio again and that is it for
eyeshadow and then I'm going to reapply
some lipstick but this time I'm using a
rimmel london lipstick that's a little
bit more pink and just more dramatic i
think and then i'm going to apply
mascara again and layer it up to make my
lashes look around dramatic but that is
the finish makeup look so i hope you all
enjoyed that part of the video and so
yeah now we're going to get into the
outfit that i am planning on wearing for
valentines day just to school i'm going
to wear that little heart necklace this
heart sweatshirt from target and some
leggings and then i'm going to eat a lot
of chocolate because i like chocolate
and that's the end of this video i hope
you all enjoyed thank you for watching